Ensure Terraform installer can be re-run (#177)
GoogleCloudPlatform/fourkeys: experimental/terraform/README.md

> :information_source: This README is intended to replace `/setup/README.md`. 
> When it's time to promote the Terraform installer to become the preferred
> installation method (hopefully soon!): 
> * move the current contents of `/setup` to `/setup/deprecated`
> * move the contents of this directory to `/setup`
> * remove this note

# Installation guide

This guide describes how to set up Four Keys with your GitHub or GitLab project. The main steps are:

> 1.  [Runing the setup script](#running-the-setup-script)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  [Running the setup script](#running-the-setup-script)
```

> 1.  Integrating with your GitHub or Git Lab repo by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Integrating with your GitHub or GitLab repo by:
```

    1.  [Collecting changes data](#collecting-changes-data)
    1.  [Collecting deployment data](#collecting-deployment-data)
    1.  [Collecting incident data](#collecting-incident-data)

## Before you begin

1.  Install [GCloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/install).

> 1.  You must be owner on a Google Cloud project that has billing enabled. You may either use this project to house the architecture for the Four Keys, or you will be given the option to create new projects. If you create new projects, the original Google Cloud project will NOT be altered during set up, but the billing information from this parent project will be applied to any projects created.

Reviewer: Should we make the billing information bold?  Important piece of information.

Author: done

1. Install [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).

## Running the setup script

1.  Once you have your Google Cloud project, run the following setup script from the top-level directory of this repository:

    ```bash
    gcloud config set project <PARENT_PROJECT_ID>
    cd setup
    ./setup.sh 2>&1 | tee setup.log
    ```
1.  Answer the setup script's questions:

    *   Would you like to create a new Google Cloud Project for the four key metrics? (y/N)
        * If you choose no, you will be asked later to provide info about the project you wish to use.
    *   Choose the event sources to configure...
        *   Which version control system are you using?
            * Choose the appropriate option for your VCS, or choose "other" to skip VCS integration
        * Which CI/CD system are you using?
            * Choose the appropriate option for your CICD system, or choose "other" to skip CICD integration
        * _(see `/README.md#extending-to-other-event-sources` to integrate event sources not available during setup)_
    *   Would you like to generate mock data? (y/N)

>         *   If you select yes, a script will run through and send mock GitLab or GitHub events to your event-handler.  This will populate your dashboard with mock data.  The mock data will include the work "mock" in the source. You can generate mock data without using the setup script. See [Generating mock data](../readme.md).

Reviewer: To exclude the mockdata from the dashboard, update the SQL script to filter out any source with the word mock in it.   `WHERE source not like "%mock"`

Author: added!

> script, all of which will be named `fourkeys-XXXX`, pass a flag to the cleanup 
> script: `./cleanup.sh -b`

### The setup explained
The setup script does many things to help create the service architecture described in the `README.md`. These include a little bash scripting and a lot of [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/).

Step by step, here's what's happening:
1. `setup.sh` starts by collecting information from the system and the user to determine a number of configuration variables that will be provided to Terraform.
1. If you choose to make a new project, `setup.sh` will use `gcloud` to create that project, with an ID in the form `fourkeys-XXXX`.
1. It sets several environment variables, and writes a `terraform.tfvars` file to disk, containing inputs to Terraform.
1. Then it invokes `install.sh`, which is responsible for provisioning the infrastructure.
1. `install.sh` runs `gcloud builds submit` commands to build the application containers that will be used in Cloud Run services.
1. Then it invokes Terraform, which processes the configuration files (ending in `.tf`) to provision all of the necessary infrastructure into the speficied Cloud project.

> 1. If you've chosen to generate mock data, the script then calls the "data generator" python application to submit several synthetic webhook events to the event-handler service that was just created.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the generate_data.py file?

Author: linked!
